you're about to meet the spider
equivalent of a stealthy jungle
cat
this Virginian specimen is the
jumping spider and it packs a
ton of stalking pouncing killing
firepower its tiny body
here's the victim this be the
jumping spider locks onto the
fray and begins the remarkably
sophisticated ritual of capture
the jumping spider contract
because of its eight eyes
including these on the back of
his head
no matter where the B is it's on
the jumping spiders radar screen
the spider can move it ties so
it moves its body to see
- huge front eyes track the kill
even if the eyes can't move the
redness inside the eyes can see
that play of light and darkness
is the spider looking around
the Bee has a huge mobility
advantage but the spider is
craft
now if this were a slasher film
the audience would be screaming
look out behind you
but the B is oblivious
the spider gets into counts
position
it can late 50 times its body
Lee
even though it has no special
muscles
the pounds has to be perfect in
every way
distance timing everything
yeah
gotcha
mistakes in this battle couldn't
be higher even the slightest
false move by the spider and the
bee will administer are
crippling possibly even a deadly
state
how do you like to stare into
these eyes with your life on the
line
yikes
the spider got the jump on the B
and now the B is one honey of a
prize for the victorious spider